Add a Converter Job which converts v1beta1 run in db to v1 run (#768)
tektoncd/results: cmd/api/README.md

| S3_MULTI_PART_SIZE       | S3 Multi part size                                                                                                                | 5242880 (default)                                                                            |
| GCS_BUCKET_NAME          | GCS Bucket Name                                                                                                                   | <GCS Bucket Name>                                                                            |
| STORAGE_EMULATOR_HOST    | GCS Storage Emulator Server                                                                                                       | http://localhost:9004                                                                        |

> | CONVERTER_ENABLE         | Whether to start converter or v1beta1 TaskRun/PipelineRun records to v1                                                           | true                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CONVERTER_ENABLE         | Whether to start conversion of v1beta1 TaskRun/PipelineRun records to v1                                                           | true                                                                                         |
```

Reviewer: Sorry if I missed that one on the previous review.
